build/app/code/community/Symmetrics/ConfigGermanTexts/etc/config.xml app/code/community/Symmetrics/ConfigGermanTexts/etc/config.xml
build/app/code/community/Symmetrics/ConfigGermanTexts/Model/Setup.php app/code/community/Symmetrics/ConfigGermanTexts/Model/Setup.php
build/app/code/community/Symmetrics/ConfigGermanTexts/sql/config_german_texts_setup/mysql4-install-0.1.0.php app/code/community/Symmetrics/ConfigGermanTexts/sql/config_german_texts_setup/mysql4-install-0.1.0.php
build/app/etc/modules/Symmetrics_ConfigGermanTexts.xml app/etc/modules/Symmetrics_ConfigGermanTexts.xml
build/app/locale/de_DE/Symmetrics_ConfigGermanTexts.csv app/locale/de_DE/Symmetrics_ConfigGermanTexts.csv
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/404.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/404.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/agb.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/agb.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/bestellung.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/bestellung.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/datenschutz.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/datenschutz.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/account_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/account_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/account_new_confirmation.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/account_new_confirmation.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/account_new_confirmed.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/account_new_confirmed.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/admin_password_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/admin_password_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/contact_form.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/contact_form.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_new_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_new_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_update.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_update.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_update_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/creditmemo_update_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/currency_update_warning.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/currency_update_warning.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/enterprise_invitation.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/enterprise_invitation.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_new_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_new_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_update.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_update.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_update_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/invoice_update_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/log_clean_warning.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/log_clean_warning.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/newsletter_subscr_confirm.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/newsletter_subscr_confirm.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/newsletter_subscr_success.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/newsletter_subscr_success.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/newsletter_unsub_success.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/newsletter_unsub_success.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_new_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_new_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_update.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_update.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_update_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/order_update_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/password_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/password_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/payment_failed.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/payment_failed.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_alert_cron_error.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_alert_cron_error.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_price_alert.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_price_alert.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_share.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_share.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_stock_alert.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/product_stock_alert.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_new.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_new.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_new_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_new_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_update.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_update.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_update_guest.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/shipment_update_guest.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/sitemap_generate_warning.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/sitemap_generate_warning.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/wishlist_share.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/email/wishlist_share.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/impressum.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/impressum.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/lieferung.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/lieferung.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/mrg-cms-beispiel.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/mrg-cms-beispiel.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/rechtlicheinfos.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/rechtlicheinfos.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/widerruf.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/widerruf.html
build/app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/zahlung.html app/locale/de_DE/template/config_german_texts/zahlung.html
